GH-90: [DOC][README] Update all the documents (#91)
LDFLK/openginxplore: README.md

# OpenGINXplore

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

> The OpenGINXplore Frontend application consumes the [GI-Service](https://github.com/LDFLK/GI-SERVICE)(BFF) to demonstrate how structured information can be presented in a clear, discoverable, and visual manner.

Reviewer: I think you should first explain what OpenGINXplore is before saying details like it consumes the GI-Service etc

    classDef green fill:#C8E6C9,stroke:#1B5E20,stroke-width:3px,color:#0B3D0B

    class API blue
    class CORE blue
    class FE green
```

## Features

| Feature | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| Government Structure Visualization | Enables exploration of the hierarchical structure of the Sri Lankan government, showing relationships between ministries, departments, and affiliated entities in a clear and structured manner. |
| Graph-Based Exploration | Provides an interactive, graph-based interface to visually navigate government entities and understand complex organizational relationships intuitively. |
| Data Catalog Discovery | Allows users to browse and discover datasets published by the government, ministries, and departments through a centralized data catalog. |
| Data Visualization & Yearly Comparison | Supports visualization of published datasets and comparison across multiple years to identify trends and changes over time. |
| Historical Government Information | Presents historical records of ministries, departments, and key personnel, enabling users to track structural and leadership changes over time. |

> ## Getting Started

Author: Noted!

5. **Config local proxy (React vite apps)**

If you encounter any issues with the API calls CORS errors, configure a local proxy in the `vite.config.js` file.

Update `server` block in the `vite.config.js` file.

```javascript
import { defineConfig } from 'vite'
import react from '@vitejs/plugin-react'
import path from 'path'

export default defineConfig({
    base: '/', 
    plugins: [react()],
    resolve: {
        alias: {
            '@': path.resolve(__dirname, './src'),
        },
    },
    server: {
        proxy: {
            '/v1': {
               target: 'http://localhost:8081',
               changeOrigin: true,
               secure: false,
               rewrite: (path) => path.replace(/^\/v1/, '/v1'),
            },
        },
    },
})
```

## Configuration

#### Configuration Variables

Update the `config.js` file in the `public` directory

| Variable | Required | Description | Default |
|----------|----------|-------------|---------|
| `apiUrl` | `Yes` | Query (Read) OpenGIN service URL | `http://0.0.0.0:8081` |
| `apiUrlData` | `Yes` | GI-Service URL | `http://0.0.0.0:8000` |
| `feedbackFormUrl` | `No` | Feedback Form URL | `empty` |

> | `version` | `No` | Application Version | `rc-0.1.0` |

Author: Noted!

The application will be available at: `http://localhost:5173`

5. **Config local proxy (React vite apps)**

> If you encounter any issues with the API calls CORS errors, configure a local proxy in the `vite.config.js` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a CORS error, configure a local proxy in the `vite.config.js` file.
```
